Moving docs from sdcore docs to github repository (#163)
omec-project/gnbsim: docs/apis.md

## gNBsim can Optionally launch profiles through HTTP APIs

gNBSim can process HTTP Requests to launch profiles. 

HTTP API to create new profile. Below configuration enables http server in gNBSim.

      config:
        gnbsim:
          httpServer:
            enable: true #enable httpServer in gnbsim
            port: 6000

> Example to use gNBSim can be found `script <https://github.com/omec-project/gnbsim/blob/main/scripts/create-new-profile.sh>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example to use gNBSim can be found [here](../scripts/create-new-profile.sh)
```

> For example running the below curl command will launch a profile in gNBSim

Reviewer: Please check the output of these lines. It looks like the output is not properly rendered.

Author: updated. Check once.
